Ben Warner, Emily Haigh, Jeremy Dellock
CMPSC 444

1) What are the assets that your program should protect?

    The Usernames and Passwords stored by the user

2) What are the security goals for these assets?

    Confidentiality, Integrity, and Availability

3) What are potential adversaries?

    Anyone to who you sent information. Anyone with your master password. Anyone who knows how to read a text file.

4) What are the vulnerabilities for your vault, as it is currently designed and implemented?  (Limit to 1 page).

    If a hacker has the master password then they have access to all the passwords and usernames that the user has
    stored. Not only that but, the usernames and passwords have an id telling the hacker exactly where to use the
    passwords. That means access to bank accounts, social media and more. Also, if the hacker had the master password,
    they could change any of the user’s information which would compromise the integrity of the data. Next, the
    text file storing the usernames, passwords and ids is not encrypted, it is in plain text. Anyone who gets access to
    the text file would then know all the user’s information. Furthermore, when the user creates a text file with a
    password, username and id to send somewhere, it is not encrypted. If the user sends the file by email, then the
    recipient could share that file easily. Or the recipient’s email could be hacked, giving the hacker our user’s
    information. Lastly, the user enters their password in plain text. Anyone watching their screen would then know
    their password too. As you can see, confidentiality is a big problem with this password vault.

5) How might the risk that you face change over time?  Specifically address the two components of risk.

    Both aspects of risk will increase over time. Probability of an attack will increase because as the vault
    is used there is a higher chance a potential attacker will know about it. Impact of an attack will also
    increase over time because the number of passwords stored in the vault will continue to increase,
    meaning that anyone who gains access will have far more information available to them